Our next best practice tip is about time.
Frequently in your contracts,
you will deal with time-sensitive operations.
Keep in mind that the now keyword is a synonym for block timestamp,
and can be manipulated by miners.
So you should not use it in any scenario where
the time variable causes funds to be moved,
funds to be transferred etc.
without making sure that you have checked all the other conditions also.
Miners, especially in contracts that involve gambling, gaming, etc.
might manipulate that in order to cause financial benefit for themselves.
So it's very important that you code defensively when using any time operation.
It's also important to remember that time,
when it comes to the context of Smart Contract,
should not be used for random number generation.
This is a typical thing you would do in other scenarios,
but it's definitely not something you want to do when it comes to Blockchain.